# Terms of Service
<sup>Last modified: 17.07.2024 (DD.MM.YYYY).</sup>

## Introduction
The following document establishes terms and conditions (the "Terms of Service") which govern
the use of **foxtrot.litterbin.dev** (the "Website") and **foxtrot** (the "Discord Bot").

**Litterbin Collective** ("us", "we" or "our") operates the Website and the Discord Bot. foxtrot
operates on **Discord** (the "Platform"). **The source code of the Discord Bot and the Website**
(the "Source Code") is open to the public.

## Terms
By using the Website or the Discord Bot you agree to these Terms of Service:
1. By using the Discord Bot, you agree to abide by the Platform's Terms of Service.
2. If we believe you may have violated the terms established in this document, we reserve the right
  to terminate your access to the Discord Bot or the Website.
3. We may modify or discontinue the Discord Bot at any time for any reason without prior notice.
4. We are not responsible for any damages, losses, or liabilities arising from your use of the
  Discord Bot.
5. You may not use the Discord Bot with the sole intent to increase the Discord server's member
  count.
6. You may not use the Discord Bot with content that violates regulations established in the
  following countries or territories:
    - European Union;
    - Finland;
    - Germany;
    - United States.
7. You may use the Source Code within the established license (GNU Affero General Public License
  v3.0).

## Governing Law
These Terms of Service are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of European Union
and Finland, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

## Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Service is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision
will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the remaining provisions will
otherwise remain in full force and effect.